# 2026.05.28

There are a number of skills that I am slowly learning about when using HTML. I never learned these when I first picked up an introductory book of HTML in highschool.

Here are a few that I have learned:

# header, main, footer
I learned about the header, main, footer structure. This makes it easier for me to type my blog. Keeps everything organized.
```
<body>
    <header></header>
    <main></main>
    <footer></footer>
</body>
```

# description list

I have always used ordered and unordered lists, but I never knew there was such a thing as descriptive lists. They are very useful.
```
<dl>: The wrapper element that defines the entire list.
<dt>: The term (or name) being described.
<dd>: The description, definition, or details of the preceding 
```

# 2026.05.29



One of the schticks of this website is that it is handwritten. It is supposed to be TRUTHFUL. My brother who was looking at the rough-draft of this blog made two suggestions. First, he recommended that there be some sort of anonymity on the webpage rather than saying in the third sentence of the homepage, "My real name is Рɑυⅼ Мɑтēr̦υм."

The second suggestion was pointing out that I was using a hyphen when I should be using an en-dash.

I told him that I considered both suggestions prior to making the website.

# Anonymity

At the very onset, I had come to the conclusion that I will include my real name on the website even though I am using a pseudonym. Mainly because I want to make it very poigniant that this blog is meant to be as truthful as possible. I am not a truck driver in Ohio or some high-tier olympic weightlifter, despite my longful wish to be so. 

Lying in my blog or wishing for some anonymity would make the rest of this blog questionable to you, my dear and faithful readers.

As in, people would ask, "Is this website truthful? Is it just another one of those attempts of self-promotion? How much of it is AI generated?"

We are past the "golden age" of the Internet (which I consider to be Web 1.5), and the advent of Web 3.0 brings the difficulty of differentiating what is real on the Internet.

Of course, you may still question (and rightfully so!) whether I am being truthful. And I want to put my best foot forward by saying that to the best of my ability, that I am being truthful. How? By leaving this website as a continual work in progress, odd word-choices, spelling mistakes, and all. 

## To em-dash or not to em-dash

His second suggestion on fixing my hyphens, I have not fully formed my opinion on yet. On my laptop, it is quite inconvenient to type en-dashes and em-dashes. Though, it is much easier to type en-dashes and em-dashes on my phone. 

In actuality, I use em-dashes a lot in my writing, and even wrote an article on my love for em-dashes. Yet, I have grown to be more hesitant in using it.

At one point, someone actually asked me on Reddit something along the lines of, "Surely you are a bot. Noone types the way you do." In case that conversation gets lost or removed, I've appended that conversation here:

```
Copy and paste conversation here. Currently, I have an internet outage. =(
```

As a 4th grade teacher, I am stringent on grammar and punctuation when grading my students' handwritten work during the editing phase of writing. But for my own personal informal website like this, I am considering just leaving em-dashes and en-dashes as hyphens like I would do as if I were sending a quick text.

I am even considering not even using spell-check. But my anal personality may compell me to eventually fix those spelling mistakes despite those mistakes proving that this blog was written by a human rather than being AI generated. Knowing my own personality, at some point, I will probably put in em-dashes and en-dashes.

One benefit to using monospace font--the default font of this website is Courier New--is that em-dashes and en-dashes look identical. Hyphens do look different though.

hyphen -> -
en-dash -> -
em-dash























